SRP3013

Always there to help you

Register your product and get support at
www.philips.com/support

User manual

GrayTurqoiseDuotone
Black / PMS300

Question?
Contact 
Philips

Question?
Contact
Philips

Question?
Contact
Philips

English

EN 1

Contents

1 Your universal remote    2
Introduction    2
Overview of the universal remote    2
Supported devices    3

2 Get started    4
Insert batteries (not included)    4
Set up the universal remote    5

3 Notice    9
Notice of compliance    9
Disposal of your old product and batteries    11

4 Service and support    12
Frequently asked questions    12
Need help?    12

Contents

2 EN

1 Your universal remote

Congratulations on your purchase, and welcome to Philips! To fully 
benefit from the support that Philips offers, register your product at 
www.philips.com/welcome

Introduction

With the universal remote, you can operate up to 3 different devices.

Overview of the universal remote

 

a INPUT: select available source inputs (antenna, cable, etc.).
 : power on or off.
 : LED indicator

b Device selection buttons

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

English

EN 3

c LIVE: displays live TV programs.
LIST: displays a list of recorded programs.
INFO: displays on-screen channel information.
GUIDE: displays the program guide.
 : play
 : fast forward
 : rewind 
 : pause
 : stop
 : record

d  /  /  /  : scroll the menu up/down/left/right.
OK: confirm your selection.
MENU: menu on or off.
BACK: go back one menu level or exit.

e  : mute
LAST: return to the previous tuned channel.
CH+/CH-: go to the next/previous channel.
VOL: adjust the volume. 

f A/B/C/D: context sensitivity buttons (A - yellow, B - blue, C- red, 
D - Green).

g Digit buttons
ENTER: confirm the digit button selection.
(-): selects between one and two-figure channel numbers.

Supported devices

Device nameDescription
TVTV, DTV
BDDVD player/recorder, Blu-ray player
STBCable box, satellite receiver, IPTV, DVR, HDTV 
decoder and TiVo

4 EN

2 Get started

Insert batteries (not included)
  

Warning

 •Check the battery polarity when inserting in the battery compartment. Incorrect polarity may 
damage the product.

Caution

 •Risk of explosion! Keep batteries away from heat, sunshine or fire. Never discard batteries in 
fire.
 •Risk of decreased battery life! Never mix different brands or types of batteries.

Note

 •When you replace the batteries, all user settings will be retained in the memory of the 
universal remote for 5 minutes.

English

EN 5

Set up the universal remote

You must first set up the universal remote before operating your devices.

Manual registration

1 

Switch on your device.

2 

Press and hold the device selection button (e.g. TV) for 5 seconds until
the blue LED is on.

3 

Look up the 5-digit code for your brand in the code list. Codes are listed
by the device type and brand name. The most popular code is listed first.

6 EN

4 

Enter the first 5-digit code using the digit buttons.

5 

If the light is off, a valid code is saved. Otherwise, the light will flash once, 
and then remains on for code re-entry.

6 

Operate the device with the universal remote. If your device responds
correctly, it means you have entered the right code. Otherwise, repeat 
from step 2, and enter the second code on the list.

Note

 •It is possible sometimes that your device only responds to some of the buttons. In such case, 
set up with the next code in the code list, and try operating your device again.

English

EN 7

Auto registration

1 

Switch on your device.

2 

Press and hold the device selection button (e.g. TV) for 5 seconds until
the blue LED is on.

8 EN

3 

Point at your device with the universal remote. Then press and release
to start searching the code for your brand. A different infrared signal is 
sent every 2 seconds as the universal remote searches, indicated by a 
blue flash.

4 

When the device is off, immediately press and release OK to save the
code. The blue LED indicator will turn off.

5 

Operate the device with the universal remote. If your device responds
correctly, it means you have saved the right code.

Note

 •Auto registration can be reversed, by pressing and releasing  once more during the auto 
registration process. This is helpful if you missed out the chance to press OK within 2 seconds. 
Make sure that the device is first powered on again.
 •Repeat the same procedures to set up other devices.

max. 20
minutes

English

EN 9

3 Notice

Notice of compliance

Notice for US
This set complies with the FCC rules, Part 15 and with 21 CFR 1040.10. 
Operation is subject to the following two conditions:

a This device may not cause harmful interference, and

b This device must accept any interference received, including 
interference that may cause undesired operation.
FCC rules
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for 
a Class B digital device, pursuant to part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits 
are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference 
in a residential installation. This equipment generates, uses and can radiate 
radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the 
instruction manual, may cause harmful interference to radio communications.
However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular 
installation. If this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or 
television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment off 
and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or 
more of the following measures:

•Relocate the receiving antenna.
•Increase the separation between equipment and receiver.
•Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to
which the receiver is connected.
•Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help.
FCC Radiation Exposure Statement:
This equipment complies with FCC radiation exposure limits set forth for an
uncontrolled environment. This equipment should be installed and operated
with a minimum distance of 20cm between the radiator and your body. This
transmitter must not be co-located or operated in conjunction with any other
antenna or transmitter.
Warning: Changes or modifications made to this equipment not expressly
approved by Gibson Innovations may void the FCC authorization to operate
this equipment.
Model number: SRP3013
Trade Name: Philips
Responsible party: Gibson Innovations USA  Inc.3070 Windward Plaza Suite F, 
Box 735 Alpharetta, GA 30005
Notice for Canada: 
This device complies with Industry Canada licence-exempt RSS standard(s). 
Operation is subject to the following two conditions: (1) this device may not
cause harmful interference, and (2) this device must accept any interference
received, including interference that may cause undesired operation.
This Class B digital apparatus complies with Canadian ICES-003. 
IC Radiation Exposure Statement:
This equipment complies with Canada radiation exposure limits set forth for
uncontrolled environments. 
This transmitter must not be co-located or operating in conjunction with any
other antenna or transmitter.

10 EN

Disposal of your old product and batteries

Your product is designed and manufactured with high quality materials and 
components, which can be recycled and reused.
Never dispose of your product with other household waste. Please inform 
yourself about the local rules on the separate collection of electrical and 
electronic products and batteries. The correct disposal of these products helps 
prevent potentially negative consequences on the environment and human 
health.
Your product contains batteries, which cannot be disposed of with normal 
household waste.
Please inform yourself about the local rules on separate collection of 
batteries. The correct disposal of batteries helps prevent potentially negative 
consequences on the environment and human health.
Please visit www.recycle.philips.com for additional information on a recycling 
center in your area.
Environmental information
All unnecessary packaging has been omitted. We have tried to make the 
packaging easy to separate into three materials: cardboard (box), polystyrene 
foam (buffer) and polyethylene (bags, protective foam sheet.)
Your system consists of materials which can be recycled and reused if 
disassembled by a specialized company. Please observe the local regulations 
regarding the disposal of packaging materials, exhausted batteries and old 
equipment.

English

EN 11

4 Service and support

Frequently asked questions

My universal remote does not work at all.
 •Check if you have correctly setup the device with the right code.
 •Check if you have pressed the corresponding device key for your device.
 •Check if the batteries are inserted properly. If the battery level is low, 
replace the batteries. 
 •Check if your device is powered on.
 
If several device codes are listed under the brand of my device, how can I 
select the correct device code?
To seek the correct device code, test the codes one by one. The codes are 
sorted by popularity, and the most popular code is listed first.
 
My device responds only to some of the commands.
You have set a code for which only some commands work properly but some 
do not. Try other codes until most keys work properly.

Need help?

We advise you to first read this user manual carefully. It helps you set up and 
use the universal remote. 
If, however, you require extra information or have additional questions about 
setup, usage, warranty, etc of the SRP3013, you can always contact us. 
When calling our helpline, make sure to have the SRP3013 at hand when 
you call, so that our operators can help you determine whether SRP3013 is 
working properly. 
You will find our contact details at the end of this user manual.
 
For online support, visit www.philips.com/support

2015 © Gibson Innovations Limited. All rights reserved.
This product has been manufactured by, and is sold under the 
responsibility of Gibson Innovations Ltd., and Gibson Innovations 
Ltd. is the warrantor in relation to this product.
Philips and the Philips Shield Emblem are registered trademarks 
of Koninklijke Philips N.V. and are used under license from 
Koninklijke Philips N.V.

UM_SRP3013_27_EN_V2.0
WK15315

